R115 blog post (#1276)
snowplow/snowplowanalytics.com: _posts/2019-07-18-snowplow-r115-sigiriya-eer/index.md

[the ancient ancient rock fortress in Sri Lanka](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigiriya#Archaeological_remains_and_features). This Snowplow release includes two updates to EmrEtlRunner and one to Event Manifest Populator (used for cold start deduplication).

1. [EmrEtlRunner](#eer)
2. [Event Manifest Populator](#emp)
3. [Upgrading](#upgrading)
4. [Roadmap](#roadmap)
5. [Getting help](#help)

<h2 id="eer">1. Updates to EmrEtlRunner</h2>

<h3>1.1. Bug fix to the function displaying failures</h3>

While improving the reliability of [EmrEtlRunner](https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow/tree/master/3-enrich/emr-etl-runner) in R114, a bug had been introduced where a step could fail without having the error message in the logs.

This has now been fixed and we improved the code quality of `EmrEtlRunner` by adding more unit testing.

<h3>1.2. Step failure on transient EMR cluster</h3>

Still in an effort to improve the reliability of `EmrEtlRunner`, an update has been made so that `EmrEtlRunner` fails if an EMR step can't be successfully submitted to a transient EMR cluster.

This was already the case for a standard EMR cluster.

<h2 id="emp">2. Event Manifest Populator</h2>

> To solve the "cold start" problem for cross-batch deduplication in the RDB Shredder, we had developed the [Event Manifest Populator](https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow/tree/master/5-data-modeling/event-manifest-populator).

Author: ```suggestion
To solve the "cold start" problem for cross-batch deduplication in the RDB Shredder, in R88 we had introduced the [Event Manifest Populator](https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow/tree/master/5-data-modeling/event-manifest-populator).
```

Would it be better @goodits ?

> It was developped to use events emitted by `spark-enrich` as input, and we now added the possibility to also read events emitted by `stream-enrich`.

Reviewer: Typo and change in wording. Do check my suggestion for accuracy!
```suggestion
It was developed to use events emitted by `spark-enrich` as the input, but we have now added the possibility to also read events emitted by `stream-enrich`.
```

> It was developped to use events emitted by `spark-enrich` as input, and we now added the possibility to also read events emitted by `stream-enrich`.

Reviewer: Is the Event Manifest Popular something that _was_ added and is now being updated? Or is it new in this release? It's not 100% clear.

Author: It was added and is now being updated. I will update to make it more clear.
